Add k8s resource location annotation (#33793)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

For unsupported languages, use the `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags to link data to a specific commit. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

## Kubernetes source code and resource mapping

> Datadog's Source Code and resource mapping allows you to conect cluster resource to the source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog's Source Code Integration and resource mapping allows you to conect cluster resource to the source code
```

> that was used to deploy them. Connection is done using Kubernetes annotations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog's Source Code and resource mapping allow you to connect cluster resources to the source code
that was used to deploy them, using Kubernetes annotations.
```

Depending on how resources deployed `origin.datadoghq.com/location` should have different content.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Raw Kubernetes YAML" %}}
If you deploy resource using `kubectl` use the following annotation form:

```
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
	"repo": {
		"url": <repo URL>

> 		"targetRevision": "sha1 fo commit being deployed"

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason why some of these values are in `<angle brackets>` and some aren't? We typically use brackets for all values that the user needs to substitute out :)

		"path": <file path of the resource>
	}
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm chart" %}}
If you deploy resource using `Helm` use the following annotation form:

```
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
	"helm": {
		"charURL": <chart location if different from repoURL>
		"repoURL": <chart and/or values files location>,
		"targetRevision": "sha1 for repoURL",
		"valuesPath": ["path relative to <repoURL>"],
		"chartPath": <relative to repoURL>
	}
}
```

`chartPath` could point to a folder or an archive relative to <repoURL>.
If chart was unpacked, `chartPath` contains the folder unpack path.

There are 6 ways to run `helm install`. Depending on the way you need to configure annotation correctly.

1. Chart reference

Chart is stored in the git repo.
Installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path>`

`repoURL`: repo where the chart and values files are stored
`targetRevision`: commit SHA of <repoURL>
`valuesPath`: array should contain values files relative to <repoURL> as supplied to HELM

> `chartPath`: <chart/path> relative <repoURL>

Reviewer 2: These don't have a lot of context about how they fit together. It looks like all six of these methods use the same format with different installation commands? It could be useful to be more explicit about how these pieces fit together, so users, especially beginners, won't be confused.

Also, a couple of notes on how the Markdown renders:
- I would recommend putting these in a bulleted list. Otherwise, it ignores single line breaks and runs the content all onto the same line.
- The parser tries to render `<repoURL>` as a tag, and thus doesn't render it as text. If you put backticks around it, you can ensure it will appear.

Here's a screenshot of the staging site, which I got to work after fixing the tab shortcodes. You can see that it's a little hard to read in its current iteration. I can help you fix these, just let me know!
<img width="684" height="188" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e98a25d0-6e09-4003-91ad-5d9ef8c0a3a1" />
